You have disappointed me so much.
resurrection
son
The son knew he was wrong.
The son is confused
Father, please let my son not die
Dong Wen asked you to kill
Come to a dead witness
Hmph, his idea really stinks
But if you really do
I may not inherit the throne to you
The plan Wang Xun gave you is the best policy
pity
You are indecisive
refuse to decide
And he was right.
You can be a good emperor
Let the people of the world be well
Even if I swear to kill my father
The people of the world will love you too
he
I know better than you how to be an emperor
Phoenix, he asked his second brother to kill you
How can you still speak for him?
You misunderstood.
This is what we negotiated.
Just to test him
Is it suitable to be this emperor?
Your Majesty, with all due respect
The heir you've been looking for is as suspicious as you are
resolutely
But your problem of being bigger than the world is full of problems
Even in the competition between countries
You might as well change your perspective.
Find a loyal and honest Ming Army reporter
You are saying that I am not a good emperor